it's that time of the year again when
the who's who were Bonnie would step out
in their best attire to celebrate the
year gone by and applaud the ones who
take away the golden trophy the Oscar so
let's take a look at who are the
frontrunner to back the coveted trophy
this year should one contain hit the
Best Picture category say or asal Oscars
could you nominate we films miserable
hair American sniper
boy were Birdman the grand Budapest
hotel the imitation game Selma the
theory of everything and whiplash
amongst all the nominations boyhood has
been sailing pretty smoothly for a while
winning buckets of critics group prizes
and the Golden Globe for the Best Motion
Picture Drama but it lost the PGA D G
and s AG's big prizes to Birdman so
there is a tight race between the two
and it seems difficult to pick one or a
bad car a asante best director category
II took his list with shaman hey
Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu for birdman
richard linklater for boyhood Bennett
Miller for Foxcatcher Wes Anderson for
the grand budapest hotel
Martin fiddling for the imitation game
here again there is a tough fight
between Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu for
Birdman and Richard Linklater for
boyhood the former has the coveted DGA
prize and the latter the BAFTA the
Golden Globe and the Critics Choice we
say there was a tie and only the Oscars
night will be able to tell us who the
deserving one airs of judging a Best
Actress key category birth for Hubbard
nominations May Jagger banana make a
Miyagi fight her in actors name Steve
Carell for Foxcatcher Bradley Cooper for
American sniper
Benedict Cumberbatch for the imitation
game Michael Keaton for Birdman Eddie
Redmayne for the theory of everything
right now Michael Keaton is the
sentimental favorite starting in the
film Birdman with the most Oscar
nominations
not to mention he won both a Golden
Globe in the comedy musical category and
a Critics Choice Award and looks like he
might just back this one to Best Actress
category Kiba today to Yabba Jacob and I
he in actresses named Marion cottilard
for two days one night Felicity Jones
for the theory of everything Julianne
Moore for still Alice Rosamund Pike for
gonca movies with a spoon for wild
hamari his offs a Best Actress category
subcision a non-controversial hey since
September last year
Julianne Moore has fixed her place for
the award season and of course the big
Oscar trophy as well but close in the
race is Reese Witherspoon for wild but
as they say our guess is as good as
yours at the end who actually takes away
the golden statue is for us to wait and
watch for ellika Srivastava tapa zum
Mumbai